Author: Thomas Olson - olsoto@iastate.edu
Project: COM S 3270 Part 1 A - Point Cloud Data Processing

double minHeight, maxHeight- these variables store the minimum and maximum 
height values encountered in the point cloud data.

double minCoords[2], maxCoords[2]- arrays to hold the x and y coordinates 
associated with the minimum and maximum height points.

double totalHeight- This variable accumulates the sum of all heights to 
calculate the average height.

int count- This variable counts the number of data points taken from the input 
file.

pointcloud.h
This file should contain necessary function declarations and other 
structures used across multiple source files. However, my implementation does 
not actively use anything from it.

pointcloud.c (main source file)
Contains the main logic for reading point cloud data and calculating the
minimum, maximum, and average heights

stat1(FILE *file):
Description:
Processes the input point cloud data, which consists of x, y, and height 
values. This function iterates through the data, updating the minimum and 
maximum height values along with their respective coordinates. It also 
calculates the average height of all points

Inputs:
FILE *file: A pointer to the input file containing point cloud data. The file 
must be in the format of double values of x, y, and height

Outputs:
Prints the minimum height with its coordinates, maximum height with its
coordinates, and the average height of all points.

Logic:
Iterates through each line in the file using fscanf to read x, y, and height 
values. Compares each height with the current minimum and maximum, updating 
them when necessary. Calculates the total height of all points to compute the 
average after all points are processed.


int main(int argc, char *argv[]):
Description:
Manages command-line input from the user. 

Inputs:
argc: Number of command-line arguments.
argv: An array of strings representing the command-line arguments. argv[1] is 
expected to be the name of the input file.

Outputs:
If no file is provided, prints instructions on how to use program.
If the file cannot be opened, prints an error message.
Calls stat1 to process the point cloud data from the file.

Logic:
Ensures the correct number of arguments are provided. Attempts to open the file
in read mode. If successful, passes the file to stat1 for processing. Closes 
the file after processing.